## Cite the usage by including screenshots or a link to the conversation with your AI of choice. Make sure to include any context, instructions, and all the conversations you had with the AI.

I use AI to ask about unfamiliar concepts and have it summarize the conversations into a notes.md file. You can find the file in the repo.

## Write about why you used AI. Was there a gap in knowledge you wanted to fill? Were the answers through traditional search engines not adquete? Did you want to let AI help you format something in a quick manner?

While I went to office hours, I had some issues debugging and understanding some configurations. Most of my questions were about understanding the project, how packaging works, and how to write configurations. It was helpful to have AI in the IDE to read through the project and provide guidance on overall structure and configurations.

## Evaluate the AI's response. If you asked multiple questions, you can pick one of the responses the AI generated. Does the AI answer your question properly? Does it hallucinate any details? Could there be room to improve this response through manual editing? Did you accept this response fully or adapt parts of it into your work?

The AI answered my question properly. It is often helpful to make it cite the source so I can go examine the documentation if necessary. There's also mcp servers like context which allows LLMs to reference up to date documentation.

## If you used unfamiliar syntax or concepts generated by AI within your assignment, be sure to research them and explain what those concepts are to demonstrate your understanding.

package.json is how I write configurations for this project. It is important to declare type: module to use the newer import statements. "bin" is used to specify which file to execute when ran in CLI. "scripts" define commands you can attach and use in this project. "files" specify which files you want to actually get published. Here, I would only include dist because the other files are development files. We have to think about dependencies - zod would still be used on client side, so it should be in both dependencies and devDependencies, while everything else can be in dev.
